# KGS-Global is developing a new world
The Koh-e-Noor Diamond is known for its beauty and royalty. The token will be native to the educational venture of Knowledge Gateway Schools (Global) which started telling the world about the four stars of the future in 2019. Yes, before Google and any other technology giant, it was KGS that started training and running awareness campaigns regarding the combo of top four technologies which will transform the future. The four technologies are Blockchain, Metaverse, Web 3, and Artificial Intelligence combined to reshape future of the world. KGS was the first school to teach the pack containing combo of these four and produced gems which it called Koh-e-Noor. The token is our recognition of the combo and a contribution to the mother technology i.e Blockchain.
Knowledge Gateway School is a revolutionary platform where students enter to learn and earn from day one. Which is possible only if they hold the most recent technological resources along with financial and commerce oriented education.
Over 90% of traders in financial markets fail just because of having no professional education and essential skills. We started to deliver it fast track and hundreds of our students are earning at their comfort sufficient amounts to support their families.
KGS started financial consultancy services for those who are unable to learn it all due to time constraints. Our mentors provide financial counselling and consultancy services to them.
Our team of experts is working passionately on building a new model of finance that takes the best features of centralized model and coins that together with the best in decentralized. The outcome of the pilot project has been superb!
We are now developing a fully functional and automated system for management of accounts and books separately for both modes while keeping the entities intact.
Team, KGS has also explored possibilities of big data analysis with the support of AI and is working on it.
Our mission is to bring harmony between the CeFi and DeFi and implementing out of the box solutions with the most advanced technological tools.
